---
title: Patch 9
date: '2025-09-13 09:29:00 -0700'
categories:
  - patch notes
tags:
  - patch notes
author: GoldStar184
toc: false
description: "Peculiar Percentages, and Agent Adjustments"
---

## Changes

- Introduced a feature where coffee brewed on Mondays tastes 5% more optimistic.
- Enhanced the structural stability of soap bubbles to last 0.2 seconds longer when blown indoors.
- Updated the sound of rain to be 3% more soothing during afternoon naps.
- Resolved an issue where bookmarks would sporadically teleport to chapters with cliffhangers.
- Fixed an integer overflow issue resulting in a stack of 10,000 cups phasing gently through the floor.
- Cats have been reminded that they are a solid being and not a liquid.
- Spontaneous oak tree generation due to squirrels has been determined to be a feature and not a bug.
- To fix the economic balancing of acorns; acorns now have a 20% chance to lose viability each time they are mishandled.
- The chance for a game release to crash a major platform has been reduced by 5.42%.
- Reduced the "Tetris Effect" for violent games.
- Fixed a bug where the placebo effect would cause a person to glow faintly under certain conditions.


## Known Bugs

- Cats may still appear in locations they were not seen entering.
- Mirrors occasionally reflect a surplus of enthusiasm on minor holidays.
- Elevator doors may develop an existential pause before closing if observed too intently.
- Water has a lower chance of boiling if in a pot and being observed.
- Pens may occasionally refuse to write when the user is under pressure.
- In rainy weather, puddles might reflect slightly distorted versions of reality.
- Some cats may momentarily forget their disdain for cucumbers.
- The aroma of freshly baked cookies may appear in empty kitchens after 10 PM.
- Traffic lights still sync in ways that defy probability
- The patch notes for patch 8 had the old feedback message and not the new one; for archival purposes this has not been fixed.
- Shopping carts may veer slightly to the right during odd Tuesdays.
- Birds may migrate late by a day if near an alarm clock that has been snoozed 10 times in a row on a Monday. 

## Feedback

If you have questions, bug reports, or wish to leave a comment, please send us an email or use the comments section below!